, 21 Bhenu-- Sheet 1 J. GOULDING. MODE 0 MANUFACTURING WOOL 0R OTBEE PIBEOUB MATERIALS. 
Reissued July 29. 1836 Sim Sheet I J. IOULDING. 1 MODE 0? MANUFACTURING WOOL OR OTHER FIBROUS MATERIALS. 
Reiasued Juky 29. 1836 mai k. 
WM'E YQ wuwn To all wllmn may concern TES PATENT omen g JOHN GOULDING, OF DEDHAM, MASSACHUSETTS. 
{iron or Horseman-wool. on crass. rmnoos mm 1 forming pl. 1 Letters Patent no. a, time December 15, 1896; mmd'culr 80. 
i use. {I 
 Be it known that], JOHN Gouuun'o, of Dedhsm, in Commonwealth oi Massachusetts, have in: vented, constructed, and applied to uses new sndluseful Im rovement in the Mode of Msnufscturing 001 or other Fibrous Msterills, for which the Letters Patent of the United States of America werev granted to me date on the th day of December, A. 1826, and the specification thereto annexed throu inadvertence and by mistskenot containing an exact, full, precise e lsnstion of the invention which I, thessld Gounumo, claimed as my own, and for which I desired the seid Letters Patent should be issued, and there is reason" to a rehend that said Letters Patent. may be p I that the terms and'conditions prescribed, by the not of in such case made and provided, hsve not by such inudvertence and mistake been complied with on the part of the said GOULDI'NG, and l, the said GOUID- rial is spread, uniformly over a certain; spam, in the well known and accustomed mo, in conformity with the provisions of the act of- Congress in such case made and provided, have surrendered unto. the Secretary the said Letters Patent to be canceled, annulled, and made void. I do now hereby declare. that the following specification of my said improvement contains a full and correct descriptionthereuf. and the invention which I claim as my ownis not forth in those full and exact terms in which they should have been made in the original spat-i ficatiou upon were granted. The more fully to point out said improvement and invention it is' neces sary to refer to parts of the machinery which I do not claim and to the drnwings which accompany and are to be considered part of this specification. v 
 Figure 1, iielpresents oneof the delivering card rollers, of the first carding machine, and which is covered fillet of wire card, as usunl in such machines. The great cylinder of the machine being regulnrzi fed by'menns of the common feeding clo upon which n certain weight of wool, cotton, hemp, or other fibrous matethe county of Norfolk, in the means of two -'delive ring rol passed underneath the loco infhe roving or sliver 'Iin plssing I the tube, is formed into a loosely combined cylindenywhichjis' guided betweeninoperative or invalid by reason of State of the United States which said. lAetters Patent this drawing, 
 by the comb b, b, ure then through the, rotary tubes, 2,42, where becom" all over with s'p-rnl I manner. I can takeaway the sheet of corded material u, r viously from the deliv-'- ery card r0 lers, H, by means of the comb, 
b, b, either-laterally to the right .or left, by p I I are shown st, J, J. through the turning tube or pipe, 9, to which a slow rotary movement is given, by means of a band passing from a drum actuated bvthe-mschme, operiiting upon. the 
pulley silixed to the tube. To the mouth of thetube, :rloop of brsss or iron wire issffixed, hsvm' also abnr of ire across' it, over which t e roving or sliver after being passed through the tube is lsid sud then I e manner shown ti rob the drawin rollers J J and thence poled rmies me bobbi m, which n by means of itslnrger ends N, Nnnd its me. 
by carrying t and the drum L. backward assing it betweenand forward, or by guides P, P, nilixed to t e bar, 0, to which a similar lateral moveme t is communicated, as will be described. T e same np aratus may nlsofbe used in frontof the de lvering bbin M, either card roller, H. as shown on Fig. 2. The 
rovings, or slivers thus repared by the first carding machine, are then to be a frame, similar to that shown in ig. 3, of and to be passed thr ugh the \HOlld rardm' machine, being also guided into the mac ine between dividing pins. 
Thetwo rnrdedsheets. U, U, after beigf taken off from the delivering card roller ing' rounded, they are received between the drawing rollers J, J, and ut throu'h the laced in passed straight the third carding ms- B is the-arch which carriesvthe of theearding rollers G, G and C, and other cleaning rollers F, ii, &c., C, the great or' main eardmgcyhnder; D, D, the two feed-' ribbons" of wire ing rollers covered with carifior channeled on fluted rollers may be emp oyed nstead of them) which deliver .the rcvmge, or slivers, to the receivin card roller E, from which they are t erred in the great or main carding cylinder C. 5 e lower small roller F, covered with wire I cards, is intended to clear the feeding rollersD, D, of any loose fibers which may ad-' here toit, and being alsoinslight contact 5 with the receivi roller E, it tra rte it to those loose fi re. The two do ivering cyl nders H, H, being placed one above the other, are each furnished with fillets of card, and alternate I I 39 left unclothed with ea in a similar manner to that shown in Fig. 7, as will be described h reafter e I I I Instead oftakin of the carded materials I by means of a com as described in-the refere'nces to Fi land 2, I can remove them from 'the de ivering cylinders H, H, by means of, the rotary action of the tubes 2,- 2, 
&c. n :1 them which gathering the fila meiita elivercd from each fillet of card to around'the rollers H H, from them into a continuous and-loosely coherent roving or sliver U which is drawnb the actionof the action of weights hung upon the o posite ends of levers, which support the rollers, 
 K, K, ea shown atB, R, are the supports or as carriagesin which the tubes 2, 2. turn. The small cylinder 1, covered with the wire card, serves partially to disengage and loosen the fibrous material from t not the great cylinder C, and to grcpar'e it so for being more readily taken off -livering rollersf-H,H. The upper card cylindent,- F, F, Ate, are jar the purpose of clearing the working ylinders G, G, &c., fmm't e wool, cotton, or other fibrous meu, terial, and again transferriif it to the main cylinder 0. The b0bblll3 M, &c., filled with the rovinge or sliver's, from the second carding machine, are to be pla'cedin a frame as shown,,and each roving, or sliver, so must be'pasaed through a (llVlSlOIl, made in a number of upright wood oimetal blocks, efllxed upon' a. rail,-'and.one of which ie shown at V- Tbeblocks must-be made broader in front. next to the rollers, than be-' at so shown inFig. 9, which represents sgaces between them, r 
through the guides rovinge or slivers or; aft 
wound. 
In further aid of the rotary" pressed against the our-- e surface y the dethe'plon of two of then'i, and'the intervals" between thcin must be narrower than the blocks-in the proportion of three to five, or 
thereabout, so that each, rovingor sliver, may preserve its proper situation uponthe 1o noun cylinder, ondjthe working oarda,'without min ling with thooe next adjacent to it during} e'oper'ation' of 'cardin ,and finelly received in its place upon a delivering" cardH.-, -76 
 Fig. 7 is a'plen of the two delivering cards H, H,S, S, &c., the cireular'atrips'or fillets of wire card around it; the underdeliveri'ngcnrd having also similar trip of wire card surrounding it, buto placed ll l0 correspond with the spaces leftem y upon the uppermost one, U, U, In 
as well "as in Fig. 3, re resent therovinga or slivers, assing from th the delivering I cards H, t rough the revolving tubes-2, '2, to. 
which are fitted up in a similar way tothoee already described. The roringe or slivers being drawn forward by the mmreLJ, 
&c., the carding, rov' or slivers also pass" P, and are wound o upon the long bobbin M. The fibers of the to wind around the drawing rollers I the. In ordortn prevent this evil-"it is well to give theiap permost of each pair of rollers a alight 'gree of lateral motion backward and for- ;ward so as to.c'ross their circular motion; 
and which lateral movement may be elected invarious ways, by the-machinery not neces- "sary to, be described here. The guides P, P, 
of the third carding machine, muet' have a backward and forward lateral motion, oommunicatedt'o them either by a heart move. ment or in any other fit and propermanncr, 
so as. to lav the rovings or slivers regularly m5 side'- by side, eachnwithin its own proper. limits. The smaller the rovinge or. slivers, become, so much the more will they require to be twisted by the action of the revolving tubes. 2, upon them, inord'er to give no them a suifieient degree of coherence. In case of carding long wool where it is desirable to keep the fibers straight and smooth, as in the manufacture of Worsted for instance, the wool must be taken or the in delivering card H, Fig. 5, by means of the comb b, it then passes between the two vertical rollers G, G, which are covered with leather. and have each, a slow alternating u 'wardIn'nd downward movement, oonunu- 'inoated to them by the machinery and which to ether with the rotary movement; of the rel em draws forward, gathers u and condenses, the carded sheet of Woo .U. It '18 'th'en'guided between the pine P, P, to which at the lateral movement is given as be fore scribed, and wound ugim the bobbin M. 
This operation is aqua y roperfor cote ton, orother fibrous materi when it i! ighgand is: 
desirable to keep the fibers 'i WW3 In order to render the woolitnore plant, It maybe heated or moistened byf I. ward and forward movement is given, by 
the machinery and which varies in extent tothe coarseness, or fiuenessvof the carded slive'ryor roving, The rollers v. 
. and e. also receive a rotary movement, from Q the endless web, Strl or band of leather, f, I eud'whichemnda t owhole width of the "cards Th s endlem web revolves around the d, ii. to one of 'whicha rotary movement s communicated, by the wheel'work Q3 the machine. The transverse rubbing'actron of the rollers c and e, rounds and condomes the fibers ofthe carded materials U, U, and which are afterward wound upon theme lfiasbeffremeugioned. f I so ll lgeneraviewo artosmue or I framm x, X, ,Q are thespiadln, Y, the carriilfiennadcas usual; L, is a the perip cry of which the bobbin M, the carded roving, or sliver rests, ll in e-vbefore rnentione cases,' but t the proper tiniesa required for."spinninfiobiv means of a rotary motion given to the b in by the drum, in a direction opposite to that 'in which the bobbin wouldinove to 'wind up the roving. 
I not however to be stretched more than one fourth of its length]. Therotary motion of the delivering H,-H, of the dcawing rollersLJ, and the drums L, L, mall the mlclliltfl described must exactly coincide to with the nature of the material operated so that the rollers J,J, shall draw it ll felt as it is freed from the deliver- H H, and the drum L L, wind it the bobbins M,'regulariy and "with the to I 'oilief'j's 'm lar vapparatus. The s iver slob "hero of windingthe rovin or sliver] ugon the bobbin M, it is erlfipioye to give lt o, a I In the quantity The motion is given to the drum L, from. 
tweenpp p of extension, without overstitchingiti L, L, actuated b the maohmery,lmay also. be used, in unwin ing the-rovings or slivers from the bobbins M, in allcases where the 'roving's or slivers are t'oowealr to bear drawing of "from the bobbins, without such help, and whether such slivers or rovi'ugs, heve been made by the machinery herein or" by other method. In the second carding rovings' or slivers than an a right angular block of wood, similar to shown in Fig-3, but the breadth ofaninoh at th broadest end, must be plaeedat each di- 86 vision, to maintain a similar separation throughout the carding o ration. The wool,- or otherfinaterial Is to en away from I the cardingjmachinee, while it is born deliver'ed from the fleece or'sheehas own no at U, F 1, where it is seen inits pro toward t e conical tube 2, and the b0 ins M, upon which it isfinally wound, after receivm Ea counter-twist by the revolution of 2, orby rollersz,- s,--Fi "..'5,or' bib? hing, vo rov' whether consisting of one or more stran s, is received or wound by means of drums upon the bobbins, upon the principle regaresentedin Figs. 1, 2, 8, 5, 6,100 and 7, and escribed in the oregoing specification; Thestrands in the second carding operation, before exp'la ed, are fed to the card, from any quisite numberv of spools, M, M- u, 14, Fig. 3, which however exhibit ing the third operation ditlers indie [art marked V, which is not there used. strands being separated, end distributed, in the second carding operation, by means of wire pins, or similar apparatus, toguide them to their proper places alon the card. 
In the third carding operation, t e strands are fedto the card, and conducted so as to cause the sliver, slubbing or roving, to be even, and of a uniform size. when taken from the delivering card. Being carried through and delivered from the cards'sepa rately from each other, by means of the blocks V, shows} in Figs. 3. and 9. The sliver, slubbing, or roving, is twisted while it is leaviu or being deliveredfrom the finishing can 5, reparatorv tospinning. 'I hls twisting admits of the gatherin the silver without the useof he comb or ofl'er. The twist maybe produ ed by the sliver or rov- *3 ift? 12.7%? 22' Y' P 8 ands, 35m annular ulleye, or" I means. The sliveris oondeneedlby means of the apparatus shown in Elg. 5,1: a subfor the twisting rocess The unnr r v"ingifor spinning, inthemannei' and Wmfllpg the sh'verfrom obbins, or spools, n'iodes, particularly described in the foregoon'a'j mu] or spinning machine, by means of in" s ecification. 
l (1 m, 18 efl'ectodby givin the drum and 0 not claimthe construction of the in I b 8 1 l mO H the reverse 0 that by wluivh dividual parts of the madniner used in the 20 $82 Minding was efl'ec'ted, as shown at M, L, several. processes before dgscrl d, bui tghe g; 4'- v f combination and arrangement, by which chm: I8 new andmy own inventiomin they are made to produce thread from wool "t e imp'rovement before specified--, or other fibrous material, by a continued m thrzombinotion of machinery,to produce operation. 
 id from wool, or other fibrous mm M by l'formingthe operation.ofvizwist-- JOHN GOULDINC' H: i win ing or taking away the same, Witnessas: n it is-bom delivered from thecards; Trioa l', JONES, 15 fthe car and unwinding the sliver, Jos.-O. ANDREWS. 
[Flam Pam's-nu 1914.] 
